Comparison with alkaline phosphatases and 5-nucleotidase
Pharmacologic aspects of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia.
When CSF [HCO3-] is shown as a function of CSF PCO2 the data of K-depleted rats are no longer displaced when compared to controls but still have a significantly greater slope (1.21 +/- 0.23 vs.
Flurazepam thus appears to be an effective hypnotic drug with the optimum dose for use in general practice being 15 mg at night.
Beta blocking agents.
When extracorporeal CO2 removal approximated CO2 production (VCO2), alveolar ventilation almost ceased.
Intravenous administration (25 mg/kg) of carbonic anhydrase inhibitors (acetazolamide, methazolamide, dichlorphenamide, sulthiame) induced an early important rise of cortical p O2, which is not dependent on increase of p O2 and p CO2 and decrease of pH in arterial blood.
Teratological study of etoperidone in the rat and rabbit.
Colorectal polyps should be removed endoscopically whenever possible.
The variable HMG dosage regimen was found to offer no advantages when compared with our standard daily dosage regimen.
When the CO2 content reached 9 Vol% the animals became apathic and lost body weight.
Serum gamma glutamyltransferase in the diagnosis of liver disease in cattle.
By contrast, secretory HI antibodies were not demonstrated at the onset of illness in any of the patients, but their formation started early and the antibodies reached maximal levels about 10 days after onset of illness.
With the exception of virus assay and quantitation, these methods are simple and inexpensive enough to be done in typical shellfish microbiology laboratories.
Characteristics of lipase activity.
Takayasu's disease: association with HLA-B5.
SGPT, SGOT, and alkaline phosphatase concentrations were essentially normal in all subjects.
Gamma glutamyl transpeptidase (GGTP) activity in the seminal fluid
Patients with Parkinson's disease showed a relatively high incidence to psychoses during drug treatment (51.47%).
Selective stimulation of central alpha-autoreceptors following treatment with alpha-methyldopa and FLA 136.